# Meeting Notes
**Source:** 3/24/20: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n9rZabSb1NKSz52CHvvUIrKrkcjtop7lC-Zic4cSf_s/edit?usp=sharing

## Meeting Agenda (30 minutes)
#### Short Introduction/status update
#### Screen Share/Discussion Boards
- All design tasks and project overview exists in github under OVR/Design
- 3 projects in Design github repo under OVR/Design/Projects
 - Tasks move from Concept/Wireframes -> Design
 - Pattern library includes standalone assets for use by devs
- ‘Projects’ serves as task board - ask an admin to assign you a task in ‘to do’ and you may move tasks into corresponding status as you progress. Add to ‘in review’ if you would like an admin to review your work.
- Aiming for MVP/Timeline will be dependent on close communication between disciplines. In general, workflow should move from Design -> UI/UX -> Frontend

#### Discussion: Tools (Figma, Design systems)
- Preference is Figma but if you have a preference for Sketch or others please let Connie know. Material design/ui vs. Bootstrap or others? We will poll.

#### Roll Call: Tasks & ToDos
- Issues in design repo are open for collaborators to ask for assignment. Each issue represents a task to be done. If you are assigned a task, refer to the requirements at the top of the issue. Different tags delineate requirements, such as ‘urgent’. Issues marked with ‘needs refinement’ could use additional information in the requirements.
- If you would like to collaborate, please go through the issues in the Design repo and ask Connie if you would like to be assigned a task.

#### Open Questions & Requests
- Any new designs should be exported as Figma, AI or Sketch files. Standalone assets should be SVG, PNG, JPG depending on that particular need.

## Meeting notes (3/26/20)
- just as a temporary design/wireframe, the current site is at ventilatorregistry.org (this does not need to be used, but alternative designs need to incorporate the same information)
- we need to build consensus, preferably through voting and regular meetings (we will create a #meta or #updates channel for this purpose)
- we should vote on a design direction to take (we'll have an 24 hour voting period to help coordinate things)
- you can vote as long as you're active
- we will start to assign work once a clear direction has been established
